[Music]
there are 20 things to avoid to become a
real lady
some people consider the rules of
etiquette to be outdated and old
fashioned however good manners never go
out of style if you want to be taken
seriously you should know there are
things that can ruin your image of a
true lady
we have Brightside have come up with a
list of typical etiquette mistakes a
lady would never make keep them in mind
and you'll always make a great first
impression
[Music]
20 wearing poor quality fake designer
items you don't have to spend all your
money on some ridiculously expensive
designer bag but if you can't afford it
buying a much cheaper copy is not an
option a replica even of good quality
can be easily spotted so if you plan to
ruin a good first impression go for the
fake if not choose stylish and high
quality clothing items that you can
afford they don't have to have some
famous designers name on them
the same applies to accessories and
jewelry another advantage of this
approach is that clothes of good quality
lasts long
so buying them you save money and time
you would otherwise have to waste on
shopping in the future
19 making fashion mistakes a true lady
would never wear an oversized sweater or
a pair of overly tight shorts she knows
how to choose the right types of clothes
that say a lot about her style
she would never wear baggy clothes just
because they're comfortable her clothing
is very tasteful feminine and every item
in her wardrobe is chosen according to
her body type as for accessories they
should be modest and not cheap if you
are choosing earrings go for diamond or
pearl studs evening dress will look
perfect complemented with dangling
earrings it is a good idea to use
brooches pinned to your jacket sweater
or blouse they give any piece of
clothing an individual look number 18
plow chain another important rule for a
lady is holding a royal posture
improving your posture is not as
difficult as it may seem at first
including regular exercises in your
schedule will strengthen the muscles in
your upper back and shoulders and
improve your posture especially
effective is yoga what is more it is a
very ladylike kind of exercise
[Music]
17 not taking good care of yourself a
true lady takes good care of herself she
loves sports maintains a healthy diet
pays attention to skincare and consult
specialists if necessary this means she
is fit and has glowing skin and healthy
hair and nails it doesn't mean that to
look perfect you need to spend long
hours in beauty salons or Fitness plugs
you just need to look neat presentable
and well groomed at any moment of your
life be it at home or work 16 wearing
too much makeup if a woman pays special
attention to skin care her skin looks
amazing she knows exactly what makes her
face stand out and uses makeup
accordingly she is always in the
spotlight and she looks gorgeous
even without tons of decorations on her
face an ideal choice for makeup is a
light foundation some blush mascara and
lip gloss 15 being too fussy but your
lady knows how to take control of her
nervous habit if she has any she'd never
play with her hair shake her leg or let
any other fidgety behavior ruin her
reputation
what is more small things are not worth
bussing over as they say if you can't
change anything there is no sense in
worrying you can change something there
is no need to worry don't hurry you can
lose your face a true lady manages to
find time for everything so take your
time
[Music]
14 finishing your soup to get the last
spoonful of soup you need to slightly
tilt your bowl or soup plate although
table manners say you should tilt the
plate away from you to avoid splashing
it's better not to finish the soup at
all even if your soup is mind-blowingly
delicious enjoy it until you can use
your spoon without tilting the plate
another tip is to use not the familiar
for most people's tapered end of the
spoon but its sides this way there's a
much smaller chance of accidentally
spilling it 13 being rude and spreading
rumors being rude gossiping and whining
are tattoos for a true lady it's beneath
her neither would she listen to someone
else's whining and gossiping why spend
her precious time on that twelve talking
and laughing loudly it's very important
to watch the tone of your voice laughing
loudly yelling an offensive language are
unacceptable don't matter if it's your
grandmother your three-year-old or a
president take the same tone of voice
with everyone there is an opinion that a
loud voice equals confidence in yourself
but in fact it is nothing but in
politeness
eleven arguing a true lady always has
her own opinion and she's 100% sure of
it however she never forced her ideas on
anybody nor would she argue her choice
doing so often indicates a person unsure
of themselves it is crucially important
for them to prove to the world that they
are correct a lady doesn't need it at
home when all is said and done why
bother to prove her position 10 eating
on the go
etiquette rules say you need to use
cutlery when you're at the table so even
if pizza is your favourite food don't
order it in a restaurant if you're in a
hurry try not to eat on the go it
doesn't suit a true lady the best idea
is to rearrange your tight schedule to
find a couple of minutes for at least a
decent cup of coffee 9 being too honest
opening up to a stranger has nothing to
do with the image of a lady a true lady
is never too much when it comes to
communicating with new people she
doesn't share details of her personal
life her job or her innermost thoughts 8
wearing white high heels a pair of white
pumps can be worn either with a white
wedding gown or with a white summer
dress if such a pair is decorated with a
colorful detail such as a bow or
something of the kind it is easier to
integrate the shoes into your outfit in
other cases choose 2-tone or beige high
heels depending on the color of your
ensemble other colors can work too but
you can never go wrong with a pair of
black pumps
seven being late a lady knows that it's
unacceptable to be more than 15 minutes
late
both for business and personal meetings
and if the event is a wedding graduation
or funeral it is absolutely unacceptable
to be late
a lady herself wouldn't wait for longer
she'd leave because she values her time
[Music]
six leaving an umbrella open to dry it's
a very common mistake
don't leave your umbrella open to dry
close your umbrella before entering a
building shake the water off and hang it
to dry you can also use a special drying
machine if it's available also be very
attentive not to put a wet umbrella on a
seat you wouldn't want to be the one to
sit in a puddle of water right five
responding to another person sneeze by
saying bless you many people respond to
someone else's needs by saying bless you
but this is only acceptable if the
sneezer is a close friend or family
member in all of the cases just ignore
it as if you didn't notice anything
unusual for not wearing pantyhose
according to modern business etiquette
rules a woman must wear pantyhose to
work in formal receptions
even on the hottest summer day if it's
too hot you can wear thigh-highs or
pants instead of a dress or a skirt
three refusing food or drinks offered by
a host a true lady would never refuse
food and drinks offered to her if a host
asked what drinks she prefers a lady
would thank the host and go with a glass
of white without lengthy explanations as
to why she can't have a drink it's okay
not to eat it all and just to take a sip
of wine to dancing with your hair down
remember to keep your hair up and never
wear high wheels so as not to
injure other dancers a true lady cares
about other people's health and safety
what is more there is one golden rule
better not to dance at all than to dance
badly one going on your food to cool it
down it's unacceptable to blow on your
food which is why a true lady waits for
it to cool down naturally the best way
to do it is to take a spoonful of your
dish and hold it while you support the
conversation this way the food will cool
off quickly and effectively another way
to make your food fool down is to try to
stir it with a spoon
however some etiquette gurus consider
this method improper what other
etiquette rules do you follow write to
us in the comments we will be happy to
know your opinion share this video with
those of your friends who have always
been dreaming of becoming a lady but
didn't know how
[Music]